crunch: add page (#4719)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/crunch.md

# crunch

> Wordlist generator.
> More information: <https://sourceforge.net/projects/crunch-wordlist/>.

- Output a list of words of length 1 to 3 with only lowercase characters:

`crunch {{1}} {{3}}`

- Output a list of hexadecimal words of length 8:

`crunch {{8}} {{8}} {{0123456789abcdef}}`

- Output a list of all permutations of abc (lengths are not processed):

`crunch {{1}} {{1}} -p {{abc}}`

> - Output a list of all permutations of the given groups (lengths are not processed):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Output a list of all permutations of the given strings (lengths are not processed):
```

....unless it alters the original meaning.

`crunch {{1}} {{1}} -p {{abc}} {{def}} {{ghi}}`

> - Output a list of words generated according to the given pattern and setting the maximum duplicate number of letters:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Output a list of words generated according to the given pattern and a maximum number of duplicate letters:
```

> `crunch {{5}} {{5}} {{abcde123}} -t {{@@@}}`

Reviewer 2: The example is invalid. I get this output:
```
The maximum and minimum length should be the same size as the pattern you specified. 
min = 5  max = 5  strlen(@@@)=3
```

Author: @navarroaxel Thanks for the heads-up ! I will correct and re-test the command.

Author: @navarroaxel Corrected.

> - Write a list of words in chunk files of a given number of bytes, starting with the given string:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Write a list of words in chunk files of a given size, starting with the given string:
```

> `crunch {{1}} {{5}} -o {{START}} -b {{10kb}} -s {{abc}}`

Reviewer 2: Invalid example.
```
$ crunch 1 5 -o START -b 10kb -s abc
Warning: minimum length should be 3
```

Author: @navarroaxel Corrected.

- Write a list of words stopping with the given string and inverting the wordlist:

`crunch {{1}} {{5}} -o {{START}} -e {{abcde}} -i`

> - Write a list of words in compressed chunk files of a given number of words:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Write a list of words in compressed chunk files with a specified number of words:
```
